Add Documentation - Framework - Plugin Context Accessors (#1883)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/plugin-context/properties/index.md

---

# PluginContext

> The `PluginContext` class is passed to the plugins as an argument of the [init](/core/2/some-link) method.  

Reviewer: Considering that we're documenting frameworks and not plugin, I think that it would be clearer for users to rename this object "ApplicationContext".

A simple alias would do the trick for now, but I foresee ApplicationContext and PluginContext going different paths in the future.

Author: I'm not sure to understand because the `PluginContext` is meant to be used only in plugins. Application are using the `Backend` class to have a "context"

> It contains various accessors, constructors and helpers thats allows to interact with Kuzzle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It contains various accessors, constructors and helpers that allow to interact with Kuzzle.
```

This property is an instance of the [PluginContextAccessors](/core/2/framework/classes/plugin-context-accessors) and contains various methods to interact with Kuzzle.  

| Type                                                                 | Description            |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| <pre>[PluginContextAccessors](/core/2/framework/classes/plugin-context-accessors)</pre> | PluginContextAccessors instance |

## `constructors`

This property is an instance of the [PluginContextConstructors](/core/2/framework/classes/plugin-context-constructors) and contains various constructors to interact with Kuzzle.  

| Type                                                                 | Description            |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| <pre>[PluginContextConstructors](/core/2/framework/classes/plugin-context-constructors)</pre> | PluginContextConstructors instance |

## `errors`

<DeprecatedBadge version="change-me"/>

This property contains constructors that represent [Kuzzle Errors Types](/core/2/api/errors/types).  

::: info

> The usage of this property is deprecated and Kuzzle Errors should be required from the `kuzzle` package instead.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a link to the Kuzzle Errors?

Author: The link is few lines up

:::

::: warning
This property is not available in Typescript.
:::

## `kerror`

This property is an instance of the [ErrorsManager](/core/2/framework/classes/errors-manager).  

It allows to instantiate [Custom API Errors](/core/2/guides/some-link) complying with the [Error Payload](/core/2/api/payloads/error).

| Type                                                                 | Description            |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| <pre>[ErrorsManager](/core/2/framework/classes/errors-manager)</pre> | PluginContextConstructors instance |

## `log`

This property is an instance of the [InternalLogger](/core/2/framework/classes/internal-logger) and allows to log messages.

| Type                                                                 | Description            |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|
| <pre>[InternalLogger](/core/2/framework/classes/internal-logger)</pre> | PluginContextConstructors instance |

> See also [Internal Logger](/core/2/guides/advanced/10-internal-logger) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the [Internal Logger](/core/2/guides/advanced/10-internal-logger) guide.
```
